Update EVM training tasks (#171)
godwokenrises/godwoken-doc: docs/evm_training/evmIntro.md

---
import useBaseUrl from "@docusaurus/useBaseUrl";

## Introduction to Nervos' Layer 2 EVM Training

> "Welcome to the Nervos' Layer 2 EVM (Ethereum Virtual Machine) Training! Here you will get an introduction to the Nervos ecosystem, learn about the various important concepts, and gain hands-on experience with the platform in preparation for deploying real-world applications."

Author: I initially thought that this paragraph served as an introduction to the documentation, hence the use of double quotes. However, such usage may not be suitable within the context of the documentation. I have fixed this

## About the Training Tasks and Compatibility

To accomplish these goals, we have put together a set of tasks to guide you through the learning process. Each task will tell you what needs to be accomplished, and direct you to all the necessary tooling and informative materials you will need to do the job.

<div class="task-wrapper">

<h3> In this training, you'll learn how to: </h3>

- [Create an account on the EVM Layer 2 Testnet](/evm_training/evmTask1.md)

> - [Deploy a Simple Ethereum Smart Contract on Polyjuice](/evm_training/evmTask2.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Deploy a Simple Ethereum Smart Contract on Godwoken](/evm_training/evmTask2.md)
```

Polyjuice is Godwoken's evm backend.

Our current strategy is to mention it as little as possible, because although Godwoken is designed to support multiple VM Backends, it actually only supports EVM in the current stage.

Therefore, we weaken the concept of Polyjuice, and try to only mention Godwoken in various documents. Polyjuice will be not mentioned unless necessary.

- [Issue a Smart Contract Call to the Deployed Smart Contract](/evm_training/evmTask3.md)

- [Use Force Bridge to Deposit Tokens from Ethereum](/evm_training/evmTask4.md)

> - [Port an Existing Ethereum dApp to Polyjuice](/evm_training/evmTask5.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Port an Existing Ethereum dApp to Godwoken](/evm_training/evmTask5.md)
```

## Benefits for dApp Developers

All of this is made possible by the extreme flexibility of the underlying Nervos platform, which gives developers a superior level of control that cannot be found anywhere else. Nervos is so flexible that third-party wallets, such as the popular [MetaMask wallet](wallets.md#metamask), can be used to interact with Nervos without requiring the user to install any additional software. The process is so seamless that users from other blockchains might not even realize they are using Nervos!

## Current State and Future of Nervos Ecosystem

The Nervos ecosystem is still growing, and several pieces of infrastructure are currently in active development. Not everything is ready to be used today. In our tasks, we will guide you through the pieces that are available for testing now and will be ready for a production environment soon. This will give you the opportunity to get a head start on familiarizing yourself with how EVM dApps are built on Nervos. Once the infrastructure is ready, you'll be first in line to release your dApp to the users of Nervos and to the users of any blockchain platform connected to Nervos.

## Getting Assistance and Closing Notes

> If you get stuck on any of the tasks, feel free to send out a message on [Nervos' Discord server](https://discord.gg/nervos) (look for #dev-chat channel). We'll be available to help you work through any problems you may have. Good luck!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you get stuck on any of the tasks, feel free to [create an issue on GitHub](https://github.com/godwokenrises/godwoken-internal/issues/new/choose). We'll be available to help you work through any problems you may have. Good luck!
```

The discord link is invalid.
